Add package management with helm explanation (#964)
canonical/k8s-snap: docs/src/snap/explanation/package-management.md

## Charts

[Charts][] are the packaging format used by Helm. A chart is a collection of Kubernetes resource manifests related to an application or to a group of applications that can be packaged into versioned archives. Charts utilize templating and template variables called "values" to enable customization of the resources. They can be used to deploy simple applications like a web server or something complex such as a web application and all of it's requirements. 

## Chart repository

The [Chart repository][] is a web server that usually consists of an index and packaged charts. Repositories are the preferred way of distributing charts.

A Helm repository can be added to the local client with:

```
helm repo add <repository-name> <repository-url>
```
This command fetches the index from the repository and stores it in a cache directory. this index is used when doing an installation or performing an upgrade.

Update the cached index regularly to get the latest list of available charts and versions. Run the following command before performing an upgrade:

```
helm repo update
```

## Installing and managing charts

> A [helm installation][] consists of templates with configurable values that are rendered into standard Kubernetes resource manifests.

Reviewer: nit: Helm installation

> # Package management with Helm

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Package management with helm
```
Sentence case in our header. Otherwise we need to capitalize Helm in the entire doc

Author: I'm not sure on this, Helm is a special name like Kubernetes. I've capitalized it in the entire doc.
I'd appreciate thoughts on this from @nhennigan

Reviewer: Helm is a product name so it will have to be capitalized throughout the entire doc

> There are multiple ways of installing and managing packages on Kubernetes. This explanation covers the popular package management tool [Helm][] and provides details on using Helm with {{product}}.

Reviewer 3: I might be terribly wrong here, but the line length is more than 80. I don't know why the linting passed, but I think it happened for me before as well (because now that I'm reviewing some of my old docs I see the line length issue).

Author: Good point, seems like I've missed this on my snap troubleshooting docs as well. Did we have a change of thoughts on this @nhennigan

Reviewer: I think we can fix the lint issues as we come across them. I will also look into the linter. It has brought up other issues so I can't see how it didn't with this page.

> There are multiple ways of installing and managing packages on Kubernetes. This explanation covers the popular package management tool [Helm][] and provides details on using Helm with {{product}}.

Reviewer 3: Just out of curiosity. Why do we have `[Helm][]`? Isn't `[Helm]` enough?

Author: I think they both work, I looked at existing files on how we embed links. Seems like we have both of these in the files and this is inconsistent. @nhennigan Should we decide and stick to one of these?

## Charts

[Charts][] are the packaging format used by Helm. A chart is a collection of Kubernetes resource manifests related to an application or to a group of applications that can be packaged into versioned archives. Charts utilize templating and template variables called "values" to enable customization of the resources. They can be used to deploy simple applications like a web server or something complex such as a web application and all of it's requirements. 

## Chart repository

[Chart repository][] is a web server that usually consists of an index and packaged charts. Repositories are the preferred way of distributing charts.

A helm repository can be added to the local client with:

```

> helm repo add <repository-name> <repository-url>

Author: In the long term we do not want to ship/support Helm in our snap package.
Additionally this guide is applicable for all installation methods (currently placed under the snap folder but the card mentions it should be general) where `k8s <command>` does not exist/is not applicable . 

The users should install Helm by upstream instructions. We can mention and add a link to the installation page.

> helm repo add <repository-name> <repository-url>

Reviewer: +1 to keeping it generic as we do not want to ship/support Helm in our snap package. The thought here was that we often tell users to use Helm packages so this explanation page is for users who may not be familiar with package management and they can go to the Helm official page for the install etc

```
This command would fetch the index from the repository and store it in a cache directory. This index then would be used for fetching charts to install or to perform an upgrade.

The cached index should be updated to get the latest list of available charts and versions. This is usually done before performing an upgrade. Cached indexes for all repositories can be updated with:

```
helm repo update
```

## Installing and managing charts

A [helm installation][] consists of the templates being rendered with the user supplied values into standard Kubernetes resource manifests.

User supplied values are defined by each chart in the yaml format. Each chart contains a `values.yaml` file that contains defaults, which can be overwritten by users at install time.

`values.yaml` of a chart can be viewed with: 
```
helm show values <repository-name>/<chart-name>
```

Helm uses a kubeconfig file just like `kubectl` to apply the generated manifests to the cluster. This means charts can be installed to any Kubernetes cluster, including {{product}}. 

```{note}

> Retrieve a kubeconfig for your {{product}} cluster in accordance to your installation method. The kubeconfig file can be placed under the default `~/.kube/config` path or `--kubeconfig <path/to/kubeconfig>` flag can be used point Helm to the kubeconfig file.

Reviewer 3: Do we need to change this part?
`Retrieve a kubeconfig for your {{product}} cluster in accordance to your installation method`. It seems a bit off.

Reviewer 3: We may also mention the `KUBECONIG` env

Author: I'm not sure how to word that better, users would have to get a kubeconfig for their cluster. Also I don't think mentioning `KUBECONFIG` is needed, that feels out of scope for this page. (Maybe even the entire bit about getting a kubeconfig) Not sure where to draw the line between this turning into an how-to vs an explanation

> Retrieve a kubeconfig for your {{product}} cluster in accordance to your installation method. The kubeconfig file can be placed under the default `~/.kube/config` path or `--kubeconfig <path/to/kubeconfig>` flag can be used point Helm to the kubeconfig file.

Author: There isn't an exact "how to get your kubeconfig" page, this is usually the part of installation. Any suggestions on what to link here?

```

A chart installation can be performed with:

```
helm install <release-name> <repository-name>/<chart-name> --version <version> --values <path/to/values.yaml> --namespace <namespace>
```

```{note}
Helm will install the latest available version on a repository if the `--version` flag is emitted.
```

> A single chart can be used to install an application multiple times. Each helm installation creates a **Release**, which are the created Kubernetes resources that are managed by helm. `<release-name>` is used in templates to generate unique Kubernetes resources so the same chart can be used for multiple installations. Helm stores certain metadata on the cluster to maintain the state of releases.

Author: The `is` changes did not make sense to me, I tried to reword it by guessing what you meant

Existing releases under a namespace can be listed with:

```
helm list --namespace <namespace>
```

Process of upgrading a release with a newer version of a chart is similar to the installation process. An [upgrade][] can be performed with:

```
helm upgrade <release-name> <repository-name>/<chart-name> --version <version> --values <path/to/values.yaml> --namespace <namespace>
```

```{note}
The upgrade command can also be used to change the values of an existing release without having to upgrade to a newer version.
```

> Each upgrade operation will create a new revision for that release. This makes rollbacks possible in case things go wrong and there is a need to go back to the previous state of a release.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Each upgrade operation creates a new release revision enabling to the previous state.
```

Author: The suggestion here seems to be incomplete? (More specifically the second part about rollbacks)

A [rollback][] can be performed with:

```
helm rollback <release-name> <revision> --namespace <namespace>
```

> Releases can be totally removed from the cluster with an [uninstallation][].
> 
> A release can be uninstalled with:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A release can be [uninstalled][] from the cluster with:
```
Let's embed the link:
